README.md, before:

## Week 1: Tableau Desktop 1, Fundamentals

#### Time estimate: 10+ hours

### Learning goals:
- Edit and save a data source.
- Understand Tableau terminology.
- Use the Tableau interface / paradigm to effectively create powerful visualizations.
- Create basic calculations including basic arithmetic calculations, custom aggregations and ratios, date math, and quick table calculations.
- Represent your data using the following visualization types:
  - Crosstabs
  - Geographic maps
  - Heat maps
  - Tree maps
  - Pie charts and bar charts
  - Dual axis and combined charts with different mark types
  - Highlight Tables
  - Scatter Plots
  - Build dashboards to share visualizations.

### Main Activity
**Step 1**: Use [this link](https://www.tableau.com/products/desktop/download) to download and activate the 14 day free trial of Tableau Desktop. 

**NOTE**: Week 1 and Week 2 need to be completed within 14 days of the Tableau Desktop Trial download. 

**Step 2**: Go to [Tableau elearning](https://elearning.tableau.com/) and create an account using the code **2020elearning**. This code gives you free access to Tableau elearning for 90 days. 

**Step 3**: Log into Tableau elearning and find the course [Tableau Desktop Fundamentals](https://elearning.tableau.com/desktop-i-fundamentals). 

**Step 4**: Go through the course Tableau Desktop Fundamentals, using the _Tableau Desktop_ and the notebooks provided through the course to follow along and complete the course.

Commit message:

make changes using style guide

README.md, after:

# Tableau Fundamentals

## Introduction
This lesson will guide you through Tableau's website to learn the fundamentals of Tableau Desctop. This lesson may seem short but be aware that going through the "Tableau Desktop: Fundamentals" will take you about 10 hours to complete. 

## Objectives

You will be able to:

- Edit and save a data source
- Understand Tableau terminology
- Use the Tableau interface / paradigm to effectively create powerful visualizations
- Create basic calculations including basic arithmetic calculations, custom aggregations and ratios, date math, and quick table calculations.
- Represent your data using the following visualization types:
  - Crosstabs
  - Geographic maps
  - Heat maps
  - Tree maps
  - Pie charts and bar charts
  - Dual axis and combined charts with different mark types
  - Highlight Tables
  - Scatter Plots
  - Build dashboards to share visualizations.

## Get started Learning About Tableau Desktop
**Step 1**: Use [this link](https://www.tableau.com/products/desktop/download) to download and activate the 14 day free trial of Tableau Desktop. 

> **NOTE**: You'll need to complete this learn track's Tableau content (Tableau Fundamentals and Intermediate Tableau, scheduled for week 2) within the 14 days of the Tableau Desktop Trial download, so don't sign up until you know you can commit the time!

**Step 2**: Go to [Tableau elearning](https://elearning.tableau.com/) and create an account using the code **2020elearning**. This code gives you free access to Tableau elearning for 90 days. 

**Step 3**: Log into Tableau elearning and find the course [Tableau Desktop Fundamentals](https://elearning.tableau.com/desktop-i-fundamentals). 

**Step 4**: Go through the course Tableau Desktop Fundamentals, using the _Tableau Desktop_ and the notebooks provided through the course to follow along and complete the course.

## Summary
Congratulations - you took your first Tableau steps! You'll learn more later on, where you'll explore other Tableau features like how to build advanced charts, perform complex data manipulations, and more!
